README.md, before:

# Awesome-GSoC-List[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of resource for Google Summer of Code(GSoC).

What is GSoC? 
---
*Talks about what is Open source,GSoC and what to expect from GSoC*
- [About Google Summer of Code](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/index) - from Google Open source team
- [Open source](https://opensource.com/resources/what-open-source)
- [Official GSoC Website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) - Offical website to know about Organisations participating 
in GSoC, how it work and contains FAQ related to GSoC
- [Summer of Code video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6IP_6HG2QE) - A short video about GSoC from Google Developers
- [What to Expect from GSoC](https://www.saptaks.blog/2019/03/what-to-expect-from-gsoc.html) - This is an amazing article 
from previous GSoC scholar [Saptak Sengupta](https://github.com/SaptakS) telling what you should gain from GSoC

Organisation
---
*You are working under Open source organisations in GSoC and google pays you for the work you do for this organisations*

- [Organisations Selected](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/) - The complete list of 207 organisations 
selected for GSoC 2019
- [Choosing Right organisation](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-choose-appropriate-organization-in-Google-Summer-of-Code) - 
An amazing thread on quora on how to choose right organisation
- [Analysing organisations](https://gsoc-data-analyzer.netlify.com/)- You can find out the statistics about the organization you wish to contribute to (how many projects undertaken each year, and much more).Thank you [Vaibhav Gupta](https://medium.com/@vaibhgupt199)for this resource
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-google-summer-of-code-experience-e9329da27c66)- Experience of a freshmans experience cracking GSoC

*Previous GSoC organisations* 

- [2018](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2018/organizations/)
- [2017](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2017/organizations/)
- [2016](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2016/organizations/)
- [2015](https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2015)
- [2014](https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2014)


Amazing articles which talk about GSoC
---

- [One Stop guide to Google Summer of Code](https://medium.com/coding-blocks/one-stop-guide-to-google-summer-of-code-a9e803beeda7)
- [Google Student Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/) - Official Google guide whic is being recommended by almost all organisations in GSoC
- [How to prepare for GSoC](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-prepare-for-the-Google-Summer-of-Code-GSoC) - This is an
amazing topic in quora containing about 100+ answers from previous GSoC students,Mentors,Organisation administrators.
- [Google Summer of Code Preparation](https://medium.com/iiitv/google-summer-of-code-preparation-tips-d1d3acc21da5) - This another how to prepare GSoC listing various steps on how to crack GSoC
- [How difficult to get selected for GSoC](https://www.quora.com/How-difficult-is-it-to-get-selected-for-the-GSOC) - Another quora thread with lot of answer which gives you different perspectives
- [Advantages of getting into GSoC](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-advantages-of-getting-into-gsoc) - Quora thread
- [A recipe for Google summer of Code success](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-recipe-for-google-summer-of-code-success-cb0ceb1ae895)
- [What I experienced at Google Summer of Code](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-google-summer-of-code-experience-e9329da27c66)- Experience of a freshmans experience cracking GSoC
- [GSoC all that a student needs to know](https://code.likeagirl.io/google-summer-of-code-gsoc-whens-and-hows-for-students-4d8453a799bb)
- Insiders Secret to Cracking GSoC [part1](https://medium.com/fossmec/insiders-secret-to-cracking-the-google-summer-of-
code-part-1-92e55dca5c18) and [part2](https://medium.com/fossmec/insiders-secret-to-cracking-the-google-summer-of-code-
part-2-4c36b0ef8a8d) - This covers how four students from FOSSMEC cracked GSoC and what all were things which helped them 
being GSoC scholars

Proposals about GSoC
---




### Contributing
Kindly go through [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/hkirat/awesome-chess/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-guidelines) first.

Commit message:

Add proposal section and fix typos

README.md, after:

# Awesome-GSoC-List[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

A curated list of resource for Google Summer of Code(GSoC).

What is GSoC? 
---
*Talks about what is Open source,GSoC and what to expect from GSoC*
- [About Google Summer of Code](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/index) - from Google Open source team
- [Open source](https://opensource.com/resources/what-open-source)
- [Official GSoC Website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) - Offical website to know about Organisations participating 
in GSoC, how it work and contains FAQ related to GSoC
- [Summer of Code video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6IP_6HG2QE) - A short video about GSoC from Google Developers
- [What to Expect from GSoC](https://www.saptaks.blog/2019/03/what-to-expect-from-gsoc.html) - This is an amazing article 
from previous GSoC scholar [Saptak Sengupta](https://github.com/SaptakS) telling what you should gain from GSoC

Organisation
---
*You are working under Open source organisations in GSoC and google pays you for the work you do for this organisations*

- [Organisations Selected](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/) - The complete list of 207 organisations 
selected for GSoC 2019
- [Choosing Right organisation](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-choose-appropriate-organization-in-Google-Summer-of-Code) - 
An amazing thread on quora on how to choose right organisation
- [Analysing organisations](https://gsoc-data-analyzer.netlify.com/)- You can find out the statistics about the organization you wish to contribute to (how many projects undertaken each year, and much more).Thank you [Vaibhav Gupta](https://medium.com/@vaibhgupt199) for making this resource.

*Previous GSoC organisations* 

- [2018](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2018/organizations/)
- [2017](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2017/organizations/)
- [2016](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/archive/2016/organizations/)
- [2015](https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2015)
- [2014](https://www.google-melange.com/archive/gsoc/2014)

Amazing articles which talk about GSoC
---

- [One Stop guide to Google Summer of Code](https://medium.com/coding-blocks/one-stop-guide-to-google-summer-of-code-a9e803beeda7)
- [Google Student Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/) - Official Google guide whic is being recommended by almost all organisations in GSoC
- [How to prepare for GSoC](https://www.quora.com/How-do-I-prepare-for-the-Google-Summer-of-Code-GSoC) - This is an
amazing topic in quora containing about 100+ answers from previous GSoC students,Mentors,Organisation administrators.
- [Google Summer of Code Preparation](https://medium.com/iiitv/google-summer-of-code-preparation-tips-d1d3acc21da5) - This another how to prepare GSoC listing various steps on how to crack GSoC
- [How difficult to get selected for GSoC](https://www.quora.com/How-difficult-is-it-to-get-selected-for-the-GSOC) - Another quora thread with lot of answer which gives you different perspectives
- [Advantages of getting into GSoC](https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-advantages-of-getting-into-gsoc) - Quora thread
- [A recipe for Google summer of Code success](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-recipe-for-google-summer-of-code-success-cb0ceb1ae895)
- [What I experienced at Google Summer of Code](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/the-google-summer-of-code-experience-e9329da27c66)- Experience of a freshmans experience cracking GSoC.
- [GSoC all that a student needs to know](https://code.likeagirl.io/google-summer-of-code-gsoc-whens-and-hows-for-students-4d8453a799bb)
- Insiders Secret to crack GSoC [part1](https://medium.com/fossmec/insiders-secret-to-cracking-the-google-summer-of-code-part-1-92e55dca5c18) & [part2](https://medium.com/fossmec/insiders-secret-to-cracking-the-google-summer-of-code-part-2-4c36b0ef8a8d)


Proposals about GSoC
---
- [Writing Kickass GSoC proposal](http://teom.org/blog/kde/how-to-write-a-kick-ass-proposal-for-google-summer-of-code/) - An amazing guide on how to write GSoC proposals by [KDE](http://www.kde.org/) team.
- [How to write GSoC proposals](https://jogendra.github.io/how-to-write-proposal-for-google-summer-of-code) - This is a guide by previous GSoC scholar to write GSoC proposals



### Contributing
Kindly go through [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/hkirat/awesome-chess/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#contribution-guidelines) first.
